Don't regret it in the end.
Regret what do I regret
Did you see it, Song Yang?
You rubbish
After using the money
It still doesn't change the nature of your inferiority
And your lowly daughter
You can only be inferior
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Do you really think you will rise to the top by putting Li's house on it?
How ridiculous!
You just picked up a little scrap of the Li family
Leftovers
I really think of myself as a character
Hey, Song Yang, are you now?
Kneel down for me
Give me three more sincere kowtows
Maybe I can go and talk to Principal Chen
Lighter punishment
Don't think you will all regret it hahaha
regret
Mr. Song, you are taking yourself too seriously
Do you know my identity and background?
I'm afraid you don't know
Principal Chen's brother
He is the president of the largest car company in Jiangzhou
Wen Wencheng Mr. Chen
That's why even Li Lao has to give three countries
Face person?
It's just you, a waste who eats a soft meal
How can you beat Principal Chen to Principal Chen?
I think Song Yang doesn't seem to be convinced
Why don't you cut you off?
Okay. How about today?
To make you feel what despair is
I will be kind enough to let you meet my brother today
Wait until after you
What unrealistic hopes are there?
Well, my brother will be here soon.
You wait for me.
Wait just wait hey
You belong to you